Add support for before/after hooks (#40)
Pioneer-Valley-Books/rails-response-dumper: README.md

end
```

> ## Before/After Hooks

Reviewer: Up to you, IMO, this should go above "reset_models" as the feature seems a bit more fundamental and common.

The methods `before` and `after` can be used to run arbitrary code before and

> after each dumper in a file, allowing you to set up the specific environment for

Reviewer: The "dumper" is the top-level class. Each run is a "dump".

```suggestion
after each dump, allowing you to set up the specific environment for
```

your dumpers to run.

```ruby
# dumpers/users_response_dumper.rb

ResponseDumper.define 'Users' do
  before do
    ENV[API_KEY] = 'test_key'
  end

  after do

>     ENV[API_KEY] = 'key'

Reviewer: I think the following illustrates the idea a bit more:

```suggestion
    ENV[API_KEY] = nil
```

  end
end
```

> 

Reviewer: Please restore this blank line.
